
View port definition

Objects can of course have visual properties, rather than just abstract text.


Objects
	Facets
		Lines
			Points

Objects
	PointPool
	LinePool
	Facets
		Lines(from LinePool )
			Points( from pointpool )

Objects -> (linking facet) -> Other Object
(is not bidirectional nessecarily...)

Facet -> (linking line) -> Other Facet
(is not bi directional nessecarily? )

Objects
	Contained Objects

The Void - is a root object, without any facets, lines, or even points.

Using object relations internal to nexus, objects may be related within a frame,
but... REAL objects would be suject to independant inertia...
meaning a box holding a bunch of balls that accellerated would leave
the contents behind, or cause the contents to move... but only as it's 
own force appliced through itself...

if they were suspended in a liquid, the transfer of momentum would be more
exact... and their resistance is an increased MASS...

Increased mass leads of course leads to more resistance on the outer object.

This leads to the concept that each individual atom would have to be 
accelerated individually all atoms adding to the total MASS of an object.
Densitiy of course relates to the number of these in an area... a certain 
maximum of total particales within that space per element, and electron 
field which may supply some distance.  Of course neutral particles ... well 
I'm not discussing chemistry/quata physics here....

So an entity is either loosly or tightly contained... that is it either 
reacts because of a collision with it's internal surface, or that it is
mounted to the thing and therefore adds its mass to the object total, and 
it's translation is immediately updated as the parent is.  ....


Now the other important aspect of this is view control....
three(?) views are to be supported... 
	one - full window primary look forward view
	two -sideways T view of 360 degress surround-o-vision
	three - Full window with peripheral vision (partial up/left/right/down)

Then primary motion control....


Ok - new plugin has been started....

however it exports no commands, so now we get to detail the command 
layout....

Well - using new capabilities of extending object methods, should be
easy enough to extend the features over what they were...

So objects have named parts also... 

First - this plugin has nothing resembling device context... 
although objects may themselves open devices....




